Digital Assets Java Trading roles X2

Jersey City Only

 

Must Haves:

1.) Low Latency Java Development experience

2.) Financial Services experience (Trading or Order Management experience would be preferred)

3.) Java Development experience focused on performance optimization, memory optimization (Garbage Collection)

4.) Advanced threading and multi threading experience

The Role

BS or Master’s in Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics
8+ years of technology experience in the development and implementation of software solutions in highly scalable environments with focus on financial technologies particularly electronic trading.
Successful technology and business solutions engineer with experience leading highly skilled teams
Proven experience in high-volume, low latency real-time messaging applied to electronic trading
Comprehensive experience in overall end-to-end Software Engineering in an agile environment
Ability to help clarify user requirements and define accurate use cases
Proven hands-on development skills with technology leadership
Ability to translate business needs into technology solutions / 180139

The Expertise and Skills You Bring

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent, with a preference for advanced study
10+ years of IT experience as a developer
You are proficient in Java, Springboot, REST services, and have exposure to cloud technologies such as AWS or Microsoft Azure
JavaScript skills are a plus.
Preferred knowledge on ag grid.
Preferred knowledge on JEST unit testing framework.
You are experienced in modern web application packaging and deployment using Yeoman, Grunt / Gulp is a huge plus.
You are experienced with Ant/Maven, Nexus, Git/Jenkins or NPM is highly preferred
You have expertise in dealing with large amount of data in real-time applications with big-data technologies such as KDB/Q or similar
Experience working in an Agile Environment, with a strong preference for Scrum certifications
Previous exposure to trading systems or brokerage technology is strongly preferred
Having excellent analytical, communication, and organizational skills and the ability to run with multiple tasks at a given time
Familiarity with event driven and service-oriented processing is desired
Demonstrated work experience with cloud technologies.  Industry certifications are welcome, but hands on experience and expertise are better